-- Spring Boot MVC CRUD Example
-   Source: https://javatechonline.com/spring-boot-mvc-crud-example/
-   It will also provide you the knowledge of complete flow of MVC
    starting from user interface till the data layer.
-

MVC pattern
-   Model, View and the Controller.
-   Is a software design pattern popularly used for developing web applications.
-   Model:  manages the data, logic and business rules of the application.
-   View:   representation of information  that an end user can see, such as
            forms, text boxes, drop-downs, charts, diagrams or tables.
            excel and pdf reports are also considered as part of the View.
-   Controller: accepts requests from the user and converts it into commands for
                the model or view to get the response for the user.

-- Interaction among the three components
-    Model:     managing data, receives user input from controller
-   View:       Renders presentation of the model
-   Controller: Responds to the user input and performs interaction with the data model



-- CRUD operations


------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Steps
------------------------------------------------------------------

-- Step 01
-   Create a Spring Boot starter project
-   IDE:    Intellij
-   Dependencies:   Spring Web, Spring Data JPA, MySQL Driver,
                    Thymeleaf, Lombok, Spring Boot DevTools
-- Step 02
-   update application.properties
-   Datasource details:     DateBase driver class name, Database url,
                            Database Dialect, ddl-auto, show-sql etc.
-- Step 03
-  Create Entity (model) class

-- Step 04
-   Create Repository Interface
-   For Database access
-   extend any Repository Interface provided by Spring Data JPA such as
    JpaRepository, CrudRepository, PagingAndSortingRepository etc.
-   for a basic CRUD operation, we don’t need to write any custom method in this interface.
-   Spring Data JPA will provide all the methods by default

-- Step 05
-   Create Service Interface & Service Impl classes
-   Service Layer of the application.
-   create one Service Interface and its Implementation class.
-   Annotate: @Service
-   In order to connect to Data Layer, we need to provide
    dependency of the Repository interface (created in Step#4)
    in our service implementation class via auto-wiring.

 -- Step 06
 -  create a Controller class to handle requests coming from the browser.
 -  Annotation @Controller
 -  handler methods to serve the requests for performing various operations involved in CRUD with the help of other layers.
 -  Controller class will connect to the service layer via auto-wiring of Service Interface.

 -- Step 07
 -  Create pages for view
 -  develop user interface part from where a user interacts with the application to perform various operations included in the CRUD
 -  the controller will connect to service layer to serve the request accordingly.

